Mention minimum Ember version (#388)
typed-ember/glint: README.md

## Overview

> [Glint] is a set of tools to aid in developing code that uses the Glimmer VM for rendering, such as [Ember.js] (Version 3.24+) and [GlimmerX] projects. Similar to [Vetur] for Vue projects or [Svelte Language Tools], Glint consists of a CLI and a language server to provide feedback and enforce correctness both locally during editing and project-wide in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Glint] is a set of tools to aid in developing code that uses the Glimmer VM for rendering, such as [Ember.js] v3.24+ and [GlimmerX] projects. Similar to [Vetur] for Vue projects or [Svelte Language Tools], Glint consists of a CLI and a language server to provide feedback and enforce correctness both locally during editing and project-wide in CI.
```
